STAC-0: Some clarification around sizing (#121)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/k8s-suse-rancher-prime.adoc

=== Requirements

To install SUSE Observability, ensure that the cluster has enough CPU and memory capacity. Below are the specific requirements.

> There are different installation options available for SUSE Observability. It is possible to install SUSE Observability either in a High-Availability (HA) or single instance (non-HA) setup. The non-HA setup is recommended for testing purposes or small environments. For production environments, it is recommended to install SUSE Observability in a HA setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different installation options available for {stackstate-product-name}. It is possible to install {stackstate-product-name} either in a High-Availability (HA) or single instance (non-HA) setup. The non-HA setup is recommended for testing purposes or small environments. For production environments, it is recommended to install {stackstate-product-name} in a HA setup.
```

> The requirement shown for profile represent the total amount of resources needed to run the Suse Observability server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requirement shown for profile represent the total amount of resources needed to run the {stackstate-product-name} server.
```
